15/08/2007
Ethnic Artstyles
Beyond the Sword 3.02 - mod version 1.02

Description:
This mod is made to make the civilizations more culturally diverse with the available art made by freelance modders and unused art by Firaxis.
Basically, citysets of the different artstyle groups have been changed/altered until the Modern Era, where ever art was available for it. In some cases you'll still see the normal ingame cityset buildings, which means I haven't found art for those spots or I intended it to remain there. Also, for some units and buildings new .dds files are included which I felt made them look better without altering the basic model of it.
Besides citystyles, new palaces have been included for the different artstyles. This part is not finished yet since there's no art available for some artstyles/era's. 4 buildings (Granary, Forge, Aquaduct and Colosseum) switch to a new model from the industrial/modern era onwards. Couldn't let it work for an industrial airport at this stage.
Included are Sepamu92's fishingboat modcomponent and the Ethnically Diverse Unit mod from a team chaired by White Rabbit.
Changes were made on the shipscales which come with the EDU-mod. In general the late-era ships have been made smaller so they fit in a tile again. ;)

The new artstyles in this mod are AFRICAN, EGYPTIAN, INDIAN, MEDITERRANEAN, VIKING, SOUTH-EAST ASIAN and NATIVE AMERICAN. Don't expect truly different citystyles in all cases tho, quite a number of them are hybrids, especially the Indian -and Khmer civ.

Installment:
Simply unzip the download to your Beyond the Sword/mods folder, check if there are NO double folders of "Ethnic Artstyles" (Beyond the Sword/mods/Ethnic Artstyles/Ethnic Artstyles), and start the game as usual for loading up a mod.

Credits:
Thanks for the unit, building -and fishingboat art in this mod (in alphabetic order) go to asioasioasio, Chamaedrys, C.Roland, Ganart, GarretSidsaka, Hadrean, hrochland, Sepamu92, Sevo, White Rabbit, Woodelf and last but not least the FfH artteam.
For credits on the EDU-team, please see the other readme included.

Feel free to include this package in whatever modification you're busy with, it's there to use.

Enjoy! :)
GeoModder